this is ofm intruder q7 maiden flight
this one is prepared with scorpion
motors
low vibration minimum let's fly it
around
this machine will go all the way to New
Zealand subtly prepared for one of our
customers requests
that's a request to use local motors
let's see the jump how about it so I
will focus the camera a little upward so
we can see the punch on this machine
1230 it's done
did you see the punch man goes really
really high i wish i had money i'm here
to actually use the camera
whoa all the grass and dust on me so it
leaves the dust clouds for you and
easily says eat my dust
yeah pretty powerful machine so what I'm
going to do now I'm going to fly it
around in the cruise and GPS position
hold mode and see how long I can
actually fly it
okay so the baby is still flying it has
been 8 minus a 3 2 that means 18 minutes
okay it has been 18 minutes going to be
19 minutes i'm flying it and i'm not
just hovering i'm hovering for talking
rest of the time I'm just flying flying
it and I have a killer set up on this
one at the moment killer set up means I
have my really fast agile flight set up
on this however using scorpion motors
with this killer set up we are still
flying 419 going to be 20 minutes so let
me fly so let me fly it around a little
bit more until the battery is going to
beep and they're going to land so let me
show you how I'm flying okay this is how
I'm flying on a GPS position hold mode
that is to simulate the aerial filming
that people fly with aerial filming slow
and nice so time by time I'm flying slow
but time but time I'm giving it full
cyclic on the forward to actually
simulate a mixed flight style and now
the battery is beeping so we lend
all right we are at 20 minutes 16
seconds with a killer set up flight so
the killer set up means i have used
bigger propellers as i just mentioned
and these propellers i actually used to
fly really fast agile and you have seen
the insane climb rate on this baby so
that propeller I mean these size
propellers you actually have to use
smaller sorry less voltage batteries
like 14.8 volt and then you can increase
the propeller size but using a 6s
battery and these propellers you'll get
insane speed and instead climb rate but
also your batteries will drain really
really fast now i think if i had the
other motors not the scorpion motors
this baby would have drained the
batteries in 14 minutes as per my flying
styles and i was testing the way i was
flying but with scorpion motors we have
achieved 20 minutes
you